[New Entry] SwiftUI View: `Text` (#1208)
Codecademy/docs: content/swiftui/concepts/views/terms/text/text.md

---
Title: 'Text'
Description: 'Allows users to display one or more lines of text.'
Subjects:
  - 'Software Development'
  - 'Mobile Development'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'SwiftUI'
  - 'SwiftUI Views'
  - 'Buttons'
  - 'Views'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-swiftui'
  - 'paths/build-ios-apps-with-swiftui'
---

A **Text view** in SwiftUI is a view that lets you display one or more lines of text. It is useful for read-only information and it is non-editable. For example, if you want to display a message on screen, you can use Text to implement it.

> ## Syntax

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Syntax
```

> `Text("This is My App")`

Reviewer: This example should be in a ```pseudo block.

> Screen will display any information enclosed within the "" on the screen. In this case, it should show This is My App

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Screen will display any information enclosed within the "" on the screen. In this case, it should show "This is My App."
```

Reviewer 2: I've edited this suggestion*

  

## Example

> The following example adds the text Codecademy is Awesome on the display screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The following example adds the text Codecademy is Awesome on the display screen.
```

```swift
struct ContentView: View{
    var body: some View{
        VStack{
            Text("Codecademy is Awesome!")
        }
        .padding()
    }
}
```

> This will display the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This will display the following:
```

> ![Image](https://i.ibb.co/C9yQ5z8/Screenshot-2022-11-03-at-1-54-49-AM.png)

Reviewer: The images should be housed in the docs/tree/main/media media folder, and the image here should link there. Also, you only have one image here, you should remove the other from this PR if you're not going to use it.

---
Title: 'Text'
Description: 'Allows users to display one or more lines of text.'
Subjects:
  - 'Software Development'
  - 'Mobile Development'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'SwiftUI'
  - 'SwiftUI Views'
  - 'Views'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-swiftui'
  - 'paths/build-ios-apps-with-swiftui'
---

> The **`Text`** view can display one or more lines of text on a screen. It is useful for read-only information and is non-editable, but can be dynamic.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **`Text`** view can display one or more lines of text on a screen. It is useful for read-only information.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
Text("My Text")
    Modifiers here
```

> Any information enclosed within the double quotes`"..."` will display on the screen.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Any information enclosed within the double quotes `"..."` will display on the screen.
```

---
Title: 'Text'
Description: 'Allows users to display one or more lines of text.'
Subjects:
  - 'Software Development'
  - 'Mobile Development'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'SwiftUI'
  - 'SwiftUI Views'

>   - 'Buttons'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

  - 'Views'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-swiftui'
  - 'paths/build-ios-apps-with-swiftui'
---

> A **Text view** in SwiftUI is a view that lets you display one or more lines of text. It is useful for read-only information and it is non-editable. For example, if you want to display a message on screen, you can use Text to implement it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **`Text`** view can display one or more lines of text on a screen. It is useful for read-only information and is non-editable, but can be dynamic.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
Text("My Text")
    Modifiers here
```

Screen will display any information enclosed within the "" on the screen. In this case, it should show This is My App

## Example

> The following example adds the text `"Codecademy is Awesome!"` on the display screen.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following example adds the text,`"Codecademy is Awesome!"`, on the display screen.
```
